Here, we post images obtained from limit induced MPO graph embeddings. We observe that limit induced MPO graph embeddings are not designed for image processing; unlike CNNs, limit induced MPO graph embeddings do not take into account the ordering or the distance between rows or columns of pixels. These images however visually illustrate the ability for limit MPO graph embeddings to learn which pairs of nodes are likely to be an edge and which pairs of nodes are not likely to form an edge.

Suppose that $(\{1,\dots,n\},E)$ is an undirected graph. Then we can represent the limit induced MPO graph pre-embedding $f$ of $V$ by the heatmap of the function $g\:\\{1,\dots,n\\}^2\rightarrow \[0,\infty)$ where $g(a,b)=\rho(f(a)f(b))$ for $a,b\in\{1,\dots,n\}$. Suppose that $(\{1,\dots,m\},\{1,\dots,n\},E)$ is an undirected bipartite graph. Then we can represent the limit induced MPO graph pre-embedding $f$ of $V$ by the heatmap of the function $h:\\{1,\dots,m\\}\times\\{1,\dots,n\\}\rightarrow \[0,\infty)$ where $h(a,b)=\rho(f(a)f(b))$ for $a,b\in\{1,\dots,n\}$.

Observations:

1. Some images are easy for limit induced MPO graph embeddings to learn; for example, the graph $(\\{1,\dots,n\\},E)$ where $E=\\{(x,y)\in\\{1,\dots,n\\}^2\mid \sin((x^2+y^2)/r)>0\\}$ is easy for a limit induced MPO graph embedding to recognize since the gradient ascent algorithm learns to constructively interfere on the set $E$ and as a consequence, the gradient ascent algorithm also destructively interferes on the set $\\{1,\dots,n\\}^2\setminus E.$

2. The function $h$ can be made to fit (and overfit) any undirected graph very well. We should constast this with the behavior of functions of the form $r:\{1,\dots,n\}^2\rightarrow\mathbb{C}$ defined by $r(m,n)=\langle u(m),u(n)\rangle$ which are always positive semidefinite matrices known as Gram matrices. The adjacency matrix of an undirected graph is rarely positive semidefinite. This is also in constrast with metrics which satisfy the triangle inequality and cannot model any graph arbitrarily well.
